README.md, before:

![Header](ary-header.png)

## About me:
- I'm currenctly working at Babada Corp
- I'm currenctly learning Data Engineer | Data Analyst 
- Ask me about anything
- Now to reach me : sr.arykurniawan@gmail.com

## Education:

### 1. [**Politeknik Caltex Riau**](https://pcr.ac.id/) | Bachelor of Electronic Engineering | Pekanbaru 2009-2013
### 2. [**SMA Muhammadiyah 1**](https://www.smamsapku.sch.id/) - Science | Pekanbaru 2006-2009

## Work Experiences:

### 1. [**PT Dian Graha Electrica-Huawei Project**](https://www.huawei.com/) Sumbagut | Logistic Specialist | Medan 2013-2014
  - Distribution Plannning, Logistic Management, Delivery Time
  - Sumbagut Area (Aceh-Sumatera Barat-Riau)
  
### 2. [**PT Babada Wasaka Indonesia**](https://www.babada.co.id/) | Lead of Data Analyst | Pekanbaru 2018-Now
  - Build and manage Python & SQL-based ETL pipelines for consolidating sales, inventory, and marketing data from various sources.
  - Design data models (star schema) for operational & management dashboard requirements.
  - Create daily/weekly/monthly dashboards to monitor sales based on region, category, and channel.
  
## Database & Analytics Tools

<div align="left" style="display: flex; gap: 15px; flex-wrap: wrap; margin-top: 10px;">
    <a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" title="PostgreSQL">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="Python" title="Python">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/excel" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v11/icons/microsoftexcel.svg" alt="Excel" title="Microsoft Excel">
    </a>
    <a href="https://cloud.google.com/bigquery" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v11/icons/googlecloud.svg" alt="BigQuery" title="Google BigQuery">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="Docker" title="Docker">
    </a>
    <a href="https://airflow.apache.org/" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v11/icons/apacheairflow.svg" alt="Airflow" title="Apache Airflow">
    </a>
</div>

Commit message:

Update work experience details in README
Added details about responsibilities in the PT Dian Graha Electrica-Huawei Project role.

README.md, after:

![Header](ary-header.png)

## About me:
- I'm currenctly working at Babada Corp
- I'm currenctly learning Data Engineer | Data Analyst 
- Ask me about anything
- Now to reach me : sr.arykurniawan@gmail.com

## Education:

### 1. [**Politeknik Caltex Riau**](https://pcr.ac.id/) | Bachelor of Electronic Engineering | Pekanbaru 2009-2013
### 2. [**SMA Muhammadiyah 1**](https://www.smamsapku.sch.id/) - Science | Pekanbaru 2006-2009

## Work Experiences:

### 1. [**PT Dian Graha Electrica-Huawei Project**](https://www.huawei.com/) Sumbagut | Logistic Specialist | Medan 2013-2014
  - Support the process of shipping and receiving goods in accordance with SOPs.
  - Record and update stock using the internal system.
  
### 2. [**PT Babada Wasaka Indonesia**](https://www.babada.co.id/) | Lead of Data Analyst | Pekanbaru 2018-Now
  - Build and manage Python & SQL-based ETL pipelines for consolidating sales, inventory, and marketing data from various sources.
  - Design data models (star schema) for operational & management dashboard requirements.
  - Create daily/weekly/monthly dashboards to monitor sales based on region, category, and channel.
  
## Database & Analytics Tools

<div align="left" style="display: flex; gap: 15px; flex-wrap: wrap; margin-top: 10px;">
    <a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" title="PostgreSQL">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="Python" title="Python">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/excel" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v11/icons/microsoftexcel.svg" alt="Excel" title="Microsoft Excel">
    </a>
    <a href="https://cloud.google.com/bigquery" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v11/icons/googlecloud.svg" alt="BigQuery" title="Google BigQuery">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="Docker" title="Docker">
    </a>
    <a href="https://airflow.apache.org/" target="_blank">
        <img height="45" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v11/icons/apacheairflow.svg" alt="Airflow" title="Apache Airflow">
    </a>
</div>
